In program 1 problem statement was to fetch contents from a given CSV file and print average of every student. But the child had to only print section 'A' student's record and parent process had to display the details of section 'B' students. 
In order to implement above problem statement, I have used fork() and waitpid()are system calls. Basically the fork() system call is used to create a child process of the process it is being called from. The waitpid() system call mentioned in the parent code block, waits for the child program to finish and then continue its own execution.

Error Handling
1. File Not found - This error comes if the CSV file is not stored in the same directory as of the code.
2. Fork failed error - This error occue if there is internally some problem in creating child of the program.

Description -
The code starts by making a variable pid of pid_t datatype. Then I call a fork method that request the  os to make a child and when ever the child is made by the OS, the pid is return. Hence the child will have the pid value of zero and the parent process will have pid of positive integer. Hence this would explain the below if-else block. So if the pid value is less than zero, this indicates the fork system call has failed to make a child. If the pid value is zero, this means that this block of code has to be executed by the child process. If the pid value is more than zero, then this block of code has to be executed by the parent process. So further in both parent and child block, I have made a file pointer fp, and then have done fopen to access the CSV file. If the return value of fopen is null then it indicates that the file cannot be found. If this case is not encountered then I have put a while loop which runs till the time I don't encounter null. I use fgets function to get each line in the document. With every line I use strtok function to split the line on the bases of commas.With this spilling, I know the first split is the student id, the second split is the section and all subsiquent splits are for the assignment marks. I store these values in variables and manuplate these variables to get the desire results. 
